Dear Friend ; Thank-you for your interest in our publication

. If you no longer wish to receive our publications

simply reply with a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will

immediately be removed from our club ! This mail is

being sent in compliance with Senate bill 1627 ; Title

6 , Section 303 ! This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail

. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich

within 14 days . Have you ever noticed nearly every

commercial on television has a .com on in it and more

people than ever are surfing the web . Well, now is

your chance to capitalize on this . WE will help YOU

decrease perceived waiting time by 130% plus turn your

business into an E-BUSINESS . You can begin at absolutely

no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Jones

who resides in Alaska tried us and says "Now I'm rich

many more things are possible" ! We are licensed to

operate in all states ! Do not delay - order today

! Sign up a friend and you get half off . God Bless

. Dear Internet user ; Your email address has been

submitted to us indicating your interest in our newsletter

. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request

removal if you won't want any more . This mail is being

sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 , Title 4

, Section 309 . This is different than anything else

you've seen ! Why work for somebody else when you can

become rich as few as 47 weeks . Have you ever noticed

most everyone has a cellphone & nobody is getting any

younger ! Well, now is your chance to capitalize on

this ! We will help you increase customer response

by 110% and sell more ! You can begin at absolutely

no cost to you . But don't believe us . Mr Jones of

Iowa tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked

for me" ! This offer is 100% legal ! DO NOT DELAY -

order today . Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount

of 90% ! Thanks ! Dear E-Commerce professional , Your

email address has been submitted to us indicating your

interest in our newsletter ! If you are not interested

in our publications and wish to be removed from our

lists, simply do NOT respond and ignore this mail .

This mail is being sent in compliance with Senate bill

1625 ; Title 4 ; Section 301 . This is a ligitimate

business proposal . Why work for somebody else when

you can become rich as few as 93 days ! Have you ever

noticed how many people you know are on the Internet

& society seems to be moving faster and faster . Well,

now is your chance to capitalize on this . We will

help you process your orders within seconds plus process

your orders within seconds . You can begin at absolutely

no cost to you . But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who

resides in Montana tried us and says "I was skeptical

but it worked for me" ! We are a BBB member in good

standing ! We beseech you - act now ! Sign up a friend

and you'll get a discount of 60% . Warmest regards

!

